now let's return to what we've heard in
the last couple of hours because
President Biden talking to reporters
before he left Israel but after his
talks with Mr Biden Benjamin netanyahu's
office said Israel will not allow any
Aid into Gaza from its territory until
the hostages are returned but it will
not block Aid going in from Egypt well
the UN agency Ana is on the ground in
the Gaza Strip his director of
communications Juliet tumor talked to me
earlier about Aid that is desperately
needed but also her reaction to the
events at that Gaza Hospital in the last
hours attack on the hospital was
horrendous our un Secretary General um
condemn it last night right after it it
happened uh civilians should be
protected civilians are not safe
anywhere in Gaza no place is safe in
Gaza few hours before that um one of our
schools an Andra School in fact that is
a Sheltering displaced family was also
hit during during Israeli air strikes
and um and bombardment um the loss of
life continues the loss of Civilian
lives lives continue and that has got to
stop this is why it's absolutely
critical that there is a ceasefire right
away so that
civilians are protected so that we don't
continue to lose civilians totally
unnecessarily like we have been for the
past 11
days we were just listening to the US
president he said he had tough questions
and conversations with the Israelis in
those meetings when you heard him say
that the people of Gaza need food water
power and they're asking for
humanitarian assistance to be allowed in
you must be heartened by that are you
hearing anything on the ground about
practically how and when that might
happen not just yet not just yet The
Siege on the Gaza Strip continues for
the 11th day and The Siege on the Gaza
Strip must be lifted so that Andra is
able to bring in much needed
humanitarian supplies not just Andra all
other humanitarian agencies who work in
Gaza we would like to ask for The Siege
to be lifted we're urging we're urging
for The Siege to be lifted so that we
can bring in much needed supplies
including fuel so that water runs back
into Gaza two million people two million
people do not have water in Gaza and
they're resorting to unsafe drinking
water we're going to have a health
disaster soon in Gaza if we do not have
our humanitarian supplies go into Gaza
for people who need need it most the
president was making the point that
perhaps inspections would have to be
done there On the Border in terms of
stuff crossing the borders he said none
of it must go to Hamas in your view and
in your experience are those things that
can be sorted out relatively quickly or
are those things that take quite a lot
of
time well when it comes to anra we will
bring in the supplies ourselves our own
un unra teams on the ground will
distribute it to those in need we have
been doing this for many many years
these are un staff they are accountable
to serve the communities in need and
they will ensure that that assistance
will get to people who need it most to
civilians who need it most well that was
latest from The Honorable spokesman as
uh President Biden has said that Israel
has agreed to humanitarian assistance
beginning to move in from Egypt into
Gaza so that is a significant glimpse of
progress